hey everybody and welcome to the Wolfe
pit
hey tonight we're going to make some
General Tso's chicken and this has been
a very requested recipe so I'm going to
go ahead and give it my best shot and
see how it turns out so we're going to
start off with 1/4 cup of oyster sauce
1/4 cup of chelseann Chinese cooking
line 1 tablespoon of hoisin sauce 1/2 a
cup of soy sauce 1 cup of white sugar
one and a half cups of chicken broth a
half a cup of vinegar quarter cup of
chili sauce tablespoon of sesame oil
tablespoon of fresh minced ginger a
tablespoon of fresh minced garlic we're
going to bring this up to a quick boil
to melt the sugar and get the gender'
aromatic with the garlic combine
everything here so this is basically our
sauce once it comes up to a boil we're
going to turn it off and let it sit and
get our chicken going alright we're
going to go ahead get our chicken ready
and this is about three pounds of
boneless skinless chicken thighs that
I've cut up into bite-size pieces or
start off with a quarter cup of Chinese
cooking wine Chow sceneline about a
tablespoon of soy sauce
one large egg
and a little bit of granulated garlic
Wow
let's see my tablespoon
now we're going to get our hands in this
mix it up
all right chickens been marinating in
the fridge for about 30 minutes
and we're going to go ahead and add one
cup of cornstarch all right we're gonna
get our hands in here and mix this up
until it's all well coated all right
once all the cornstarch is combined
we're going to add about two tablespoons
of vegetable oil and this will keep the
chunks from sticking together all right
we have our oil right around 350 degrees
go ahead and start putting our pieces in
we're gonna probably do about 10 pieces
at a time you don't want to overcrowd
the pan
we let that cook for about four minutes
all right about four minutes our chicken
is done okay get this out of here
nice and golden brown and crispy
we'd get another batch in here all right
we got a second batch of chicken done
and we continue this process until all
our chicken is fried crispy golden-brown
all right we have all our chicken thighs
fried up and we're gonna go ahead and
get these dress with our sauce and put
it over ice all right we ready to go
ahead and get our meat dressed up so I'm
going to pour in some of our general set
of sauce
my two cups
joso sauce I know gonna add about a half
a cup of green onions the whites in
greens
all right after our John says it's come
to a boil we're going to add in about a
cup of cornstarch slurry just pick it
right up let's cut it up all right our
John says is done let's go ahead let's
plate it up let's give this a try and
see how it turned out that beautiful
still crispy very sweet spicy salty this
is really really good one more piece
here this turned out way better than I
thought it would look at that beautiful
whoops a little bit of sauce on my
finger there beautiful absolutely
delicious well I really hope you guys
give this a try thank you very much for
watching and we'll see you next time